Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
LG Stylo 5: How you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good how are you
LG Stylo 5: I'm good. I'm Joe. How you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'M BECCA. Nice to meet you.
LG Stylo 5: Nice meeting you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So today we're going to complete your bio psychosocial I'm basically just going to get information on your history, is that okay
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the first question is, what brings you to bright heart, why now.
LG Stylo 5: Well, I was on another Suboxone program here in Albuquerque, New Mexico, health care for the homeless.
LG Stylo 5: And I ended up getting into it with him there and
LG Stylo 5: They discontinued me for until November. So my wife on this program.
LG Stylo 5: Did you hear me.
Yes.
LG Stylo 5: I talked to Chris I think like twice already. I've been to a couple of meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you like it.
LG Stylo 5: I like it.
LG Stylo 5: Hey there. Yeah. Yeah. I like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
LG Stylo 5: I like it.
I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Tell me, are you experiencing any pain.
LG Stylo 5: No.
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, can you tell me a little bit about your substance abuse. History
LG Stylo 5: Yeah. Well, I started when I was 15 years old I started using heroin.
LG Stylo 5: And I used it till maybe four years ago.
LG Stylo 5: I was in prison, most of my life. I was there for like 35 years 34 years and I used it all the time I was there too so but i i started using Suboxone about
LG Stylo 5: Maybe two years, two years, three years before I got out. I started using it there. I was in Hazleton Virginia that USP there.
LG Stylo 5: And I started using it there. It started coming in a lot there. And I, that's where I started.
LG Stylo 5: I stopped using heroin. I did. I got out and my my P. O. Put me on the boxing program when I got out and I've been on it ever since. Out here.
LG Stylo 5: Sit for what happened there at that plays, but I didn't like going over there anyway because I was always running into people from prison, I'm trying to stay away from all that
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What place.
With that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
There.
LG Stylo 5: Well, I went over there and I ran into somebody there and we almost got into it and the security came out and then
LG Stylo 5: I talked to the girl I went in there to try to call her and then she told me that they discontinued me
LG Stylo 5: Because of that incident. I ended up going up on the reception is
LG Stylo 5: Because anyone to do my soapbox and I, when I went to go see the doctor to get my soapbox and that's what happened. And so that was it. They, they try to cut me off and told me that I can get it. But my wife knows a lot about it so
LG Stylo 5: They gave me she called the director of the place, and they gave me a two month supply and I just picked up the last one I'm probably at the middle of it. Now I picked it up like the 27th.
LG Stylo 5: And Chris I talked to Chris. He knows all that. So I haven't they haven't given me know boxing from this program. So I because I got maybe like afterward layer that was picking up 75 every month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past substance abuse treatment.
LG Stylo 5: And other than that I was seeing a psychiatrist there. Her name was Sarah I don't even remember her last name.
LG Stylo 5: But that was part of the program. But people want me to see yours. So I was seeing or four times a month every Wednesday, I would see her. I'll go down there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past the mental health treatment.
LG Stylo 5: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past mental health diagnosis.
LG Stylo 5: Yep. Very good, they diagnosed me there with the PTSD.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past I'm suicide attempts.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past homicide that sword or attempts
LG Stylo 5: Anywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past homicide thoughts or It attempts
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm.
LG Stylo 5: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, can you tell me a little bit about what it was like growing up for you in your home with your parents did your parents stay together throughout your whole life, or did they divorce, where you adopted.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many siblings do you have, you know, tell me about your environment, growing up.
LG Stylo 5: Well, when I grew up, my father died when I was four. He was a heroin addict then ACCUSING HIM THE COPS killed him.
LG Stylo 5: So I didn't, I didn't know him and but I grew up with my mother and my sister. I just have my sister. Now, my mother died in 2000 and
LG Stylo 5: She's been she's been dead for a while. So I was in prison. When she died. But she gave us everything. I mean, we had a good time. If I guess for just her. She never had an old man in her life. So we grew up like that. Yeah, I mean,
LG Stylo 5: It was good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What okay so your dad died of heroin. Your mom didn't have any kind of substance abuse issues or mental health issues.
LG Stylo 5: Well, she she was an alcoholic for a while. I got a little older, and she was an alcoholic. But she stopped and
LG Stylo 5: She did good. That was like maybe
LG Stylo 5: The late 70s.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and tell me what it was like for you in school.
LG Stylo 5: Well, I didn't know how to read or nothing back then in the 60s, they passed to us. I was born in 60s or
LG Stylo 5: They just passed you passed you like I went to the sixth grade to middle school and and I just stopped going I quit. And then my mother was working
LG Stylo 5: So she would send me to school. She thought I was going to school back then they didn't really check. So I stopped going. I never learned how to read. I read when I got to prison.
LG Stylo 5: You know, I grew up in an environment. I grew up in the body or South valley here in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and
LG Stylo 5: Everybody was using heroin back then. No, my uncle's her brother's my dad, all of them, you know, I remember him. He was too small. We die, but all our family were like that my cousins about of our family were on dope back then. Yeah, I mean, so that's the environment. I grew up in
LG Stylo 5: I started using it. When I was 15
LG Stylo 5: And used it ever since.
LG Stylo 5: That was my drug of choice.
LG Stylo 5: Because I used to smoke a lot of weed and take a lot of acid and there anything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, let me see, did you graduate.
LG Stylo 5: At all. No, I stopped going to school in the sixth grade.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, I'm gonna go to middle school. I stopped board.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any military background.
LG Stylo 5: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So can you tell me a little bit about your legal history. And if you're not currently on probation or have any pending charges now.
LG Stylo 5: No, I don't know any charges. I'm a proper role I I find more data ball five months ago, they gave me three years paper.
LG Stylo 5: I went to prison for possession I heroin and cocaine and aggravated burglaries, they gave me 21 years and then I picked up a murder prison, and they gave me 12 more years for that so
LG Stylo 5: It did hold that time for all that
LG Stylo 5: Wow, I've been out since August 2016
LG Stylo 5: I've been out. I'll have four years out. Now this August
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice, nice.
LG Stylo 5: Suboxone program here in New Mexico border of FEMA. I mean, a little over three years already.
LG Stylo 5: Because they got they got me on it right away my pee on I'm done with with the federal government. I did stay. I did 20 years in the state. And I picked up the murder there. And then I got all they got me for a felon in possession, they give me 15 years for a gun. I did 13 more on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any current financial stressors.
LG Stylo 5: Known I really I'm working. I work at a cemetery here in Albuquerque.
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: They're paying me. I mean, with all this craziness is going on. We've been working here and there were three days out of the week last week.
LG Stylo 5: The company has grown one there. We better maintain the cemetery. So
LG Stylo 5: He's my boss told me, they're calling us into work.
LG Stylo 5: Every other week.
LG Stylo 5: But not a good. Okay, Amy. So that's the good thing.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. Um, what about your health. Any issues medically as far as your health goes
LG Stylo 5: No.
LG Stylo 5: I went through the program with the doctor tree there at health care for the homeless and I had hepatitis for over 30 years and I had hip. See, and B, and I went through the eight week program eight week
LG Stylo 5: Program. They had I forget the name of the thing I was dating, but I'll take like a pill in the morning One in the afternoon, one at night you pills a day for eight weeks. I forget what it was called. And they told me that I'm cured of it.
Yay.
LG Stylo 5: That was probably from using dirty needles. When I went to prison. I was using dirty needles in there too so
LG Stylo 5: I would always have them because there every six months in prison. If you've got to do a take on HIV test.
LG Stylo 5: So I wish you all a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. Um, is there anything that's important that you think we need to know about you that I haven't touched on.
LG Stylo 5: I smoke some weed.
LG Stylo 5: Maybe
LG Stylo 5: The other night I took a
LG Stylo 5: Joy.
LG Stylo 5: I mean, I
LG Stylo 5: Try buju through because I know they told me, they're going to send me a package for a urine.
LG Stylo 5: But other than that, no.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me some of the things that you want to work on why you're in treatment with bright heart.
LG Stylo 5: Well, I know I need
LG Stylo 5: A Norman and needs a box and you know, I mean, it helps me because I do get bad grade means to get high on heroin. IT'S ALL OVER THE STREET HERE IN ALBUQUERQUE
LG Stylo 5: No, I haven't, I haven't. The last time I use heroin was before I got in prison.
LG Stylo 5: And that was the last time I've used it. So it's been over four years almost five years now.
LG Stylo 5: But
LG Stylo 5: It's hard. I mean,
LG Stylo 5: My appeal. You know, I went to the doctors here and they told me that I would probably have to stay on, man, I don't know, but I feel sometimes if I don't have it. I'll probably go get higher on heroin. I mean, so
Yeah.
But are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Are you attending any kind of self help groups or engaged in any any self help program.
LG Stylo 5: No, no, no. Right. No.
LG Stylo 5: Well, we're going to pause there for a minute and then always to happen so
LG Stylo 5: Work took an anger management and I I've gone through all the classes I've done a lot of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so is there.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: That's what they say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I guess I do all the things that happened to me there that they. It was crazy. It's a different world. That's for sure.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything specific besides anger that you can think of. Think of that you would want to work on.
LG Stylo 5: Trying to stay right, I guess. And I mean,
LG Stylo 5: I know you guys got a few things going on. I'm trying to Chris explain it a little bit to me.
LG Stylo 5: Last week I missed a meeting because all restriction and we
LG Stylo 5: Ended up. We were on the road and I forgot about the meeting. So that was Monday and Tuesday I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't agree with
LG Stylo 5: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What day do you have group with Dr. Coleman
LG Stylo 5: On Wednesdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay. So I think I've asked you all the questions on the BIOS, it wasn't hard was it
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's pretty simple. It's just getting your history and that way we have, you know, we can look back and see you know what substances, you were using. How can we help you. How's your anxiety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And anxiety.
LG Stylo 5: I've never had nothing like that. I never thought, you know, I've been in some places and you know I have never thought of killing myself all number, blah, like that. I mean,
LG Stylo 5: I've been in I've been been an arcade all my life so glad seen a lot of people, they can have they had an isolated for all those
LG Stylo 5: Places, but you know I
LG Stylo 5: Guess I'm pretty strong because I've seen a lot of people kill themselves and then phases and
LG Stylo 5: A lot of people died and everything, but you know I
LG Stylo 5: Think I'm good, I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Give me one second. I want to look and see her your therapist is, hold on. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: You know, and my wife's right here. She does everything for him because I don't really know how to use a phone. I'm burning that I've been out for a while. But all this use it to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a lot to take in. How
LG Stylo 5: Right, it's confusing that Bernie for computers there in there in the prison. I never really messed with it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what we wanted to do is we want to get you back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You and I should be meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On a regular basis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working on coping skills to help you with triggers and cravings and to help you with relapse prevention to help you with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cognitive thought processes that may interfere with your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really just kind of being a support, you know, taking a look at the things that are working in your life right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Evaluating that versus what is not working and what we need to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that
LG Stylo 5: Excuse me, I think I need a lot of work, but I'm you know I've done good. This is the longest I've ever been on it. I did 20 years
LG Stylo 5: And I went back to the door, you know, I mean it took me another 30 more years to figure out, it doesn't work for me. I mean, but you know sometimes I get great means bad. I want to get high, but I don't. I mean, I take, I take my medication Suboxone
LG Stylo 5: And it doesn't help me and I started using the box and I was shooting it in the prison.
LG Stylo 5: My homeboys came and told me try this.
LG Stylo 5: Range there with me and that's how I used it the whole time I was there. And then I started, I got rid of that. And I started taking it by ma, and there's no really no dip.
LG Stylo 5: Right away. Yeah. I mean, when you shoot it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: And I did a lot of things to work on. I mean, I love my wife. I love my family.
LG Stylo 5: She helped me a lot. You're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right VC.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to see does this time work. Good for you.
LG Stylo 5: Don't like water store, you know, we're, we're in our head from you, Badger.
LG Stylo 5: Like 30 year
LG Stylo 5: But I work at the time supposed to change. I don't know. We're going to be going back full time or what but I used to get all that for your name saying
LG Stylo 5: He takes me almost the Traffic's bad it's been all right now that are already nobody goes off, but it usually takes me at least 45 minutes to get back home.
LG Stylo 5: Where I
LG Stylo 5: Live far from where I work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going back to work when
LG Stylo 5: He told me I work two days out of the week. Last week, so we we got like maybe 810 of us working there and
LG Stylo 5: And browse one we take care of the cemetery and there's only three of us what he said he was going to switch this around, but he said we'd be doing that every other week he said you would let me know when things change. But that's how it is for now.
LG Stylo 5: I usually go in at eight to four and that changes the season we're supposed to go back to from seven to 330 usually go now from eight to 430 so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
LG Stylo 5: For later time, like maybe seven
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see.
LG Stylo 5: Mystics, I thought
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can, um, well what do you in group with Dr. Coleman Wednesdays.
Wednesday's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we can. I can put you in on Thursdays at six my time seven year time
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that was that work.
Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: All right, hair. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
LG Stylo 5: I background. The background is what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the beach.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, where are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just in California. That's a what they call that they call that a green screen.
LG Stylo 5: Okay. Oh, you're in California.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let me get you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me find you, again, Joe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Garcia. Alright, so I'm going to put you in for Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The 23rd.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want to do it while we're sitting here so that I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure it's in there. And when you see I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr Allman
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, just let him know that you and I scheduled
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our individual sessions for Thursday at seven your time six my time.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
LG Stylo 5: Rebecca right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. My name is Rebecca
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I am your therapist while you're working with right heart.
LG Stylo 5: Right. And I was gonna ask you, Rebecca on that on the urine. How's that going to work. They don't me they're going to send me some since last week I haven't ever received nothing in the mail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Sometimes it takes a little bit of time for them to get it out in the mail and the males really slow right now too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you'll get a package in the mail. You don't want to open it or nothing until you call the number that you called for your meeting today.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you tell them that you received your you a packet and you're ready to take your UAE. And so what happens is is it's really simple. They have you open it right in front of the video.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You go to the bathroom, you come back, and then you show them in your camera, they'll look at the temperature and then they'll look at the substances.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they'll login in your chart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not how it is.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, yeah. Because every time I went to the clinic here to grow mature into saw your i mean i i never gave him nothing dirty like I told you I smoked a little puppy dogs for joy. Other than that.
LG Stylo 5: No, I'm gonna bullshit you but
LG Stylo 5: Other than using heroin I good
LG Stylo 5: Night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so. And you've got to live to live. It's time you got to live it.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we have an appointment on the 23rd at 6pm my time 7pm your time and if for some reason. Go ahead.
LG Stylo 5: So that would be this Thursday or next Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next Thursday.
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: THE 26th 23rd or 23rd okay I burned out or you got, excuse me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. Yep. The 23rd.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll see we'll start devising some of the things that we're going to work on together and how we're going to reach our goals with them. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Right. Appreciate it. Thank you, Rebecca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you have an awesome weekend and I will see you in next week.
LG Stylo 5: Okay you to be safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Bye bye.